yuvalbus, neriyabd
Yuval Bustanai (207424722), Neriya Ben David (206698581)
EX: 2

FILES:
uthreads.cpp -- uthreads library

REMARKS:
No remarks.

ANSWERS:

Q1:
	a. We use sigsetjmp and siglongjmp for threads switching
	sigsetjmp - saves the current location and the CPU state, and in some cases also the signal mask.
	siglongjmp - restores the state and the signal mask (if saved it before) and goes to the saved location.
	b. There's an option to save the signal mask with sigsetjmp (if savesigs is non-zero when calling sigsetjmp),
	so that the jumping between threads would also keep the relevant mask at each time and the masking would work
        as needed.

Q2:
	Our example is running applications that does not require direct access to the operating system, such as most
        modern video games. Using User-level threads with those applications is a reasonable choice because they
        provide a faster way to create and switch threads compared to other threads management options and therefore
        can run apps like those more quickly.

Q3:
	instead of creating a kernel-level thread, Google's Chrome browser creates a new process for each tab.
	advantages - if one process crashs it doesn't effect the other tabs' processes.
		   - it is more secured, there's more isolation between the different tabs because they don't share
                   the same memory.
	disadvantages - context switching is slower, it can harm performance. In addition, the communication between
        processes is more complex.

Q4:
	First there is a keyboard interupt: For every key pressed the OS recognizes that an IO device is in use (keyboard).
	Therefore, the keyboard interupt is triggered. In addittion, After every key-press the OS proccess the input from
        the keyboard.
	Finally, when we press the enter key the OS recognize the end of the interupt line and send the command to the
        proccess (shotwell in our case).
	Secondly, There is a signal that is generated through the call of the kill command (SIGTERM) which constructs the
        termination of the proccess
	which we called with the kill command.
	Handling the signal: the proccess cleans up the resources it has used and terminate itself afterwards (if the
        proccess can't terminate itself	the OS will terminate it).

Q5:
	virtual time is the time that is calculated by a certain machine in comparison to real time
	which is the actual time that passed in the real world. 
	One should use virtual time for computer games in order to control and manage events,
	and the real time for medical devices which should be time-accurate, such as a pacemaker.

